# Manjunath Sreedaran - Availity Assessment

## 1. Proudest Professional Achievement
Graduating with my second bachelor's degree to reenter the workforce after an extended time away is one of top achievements in my career as well as my personal life. Earlier in my career, I made poor choices that led to financial hardships and mental health issues. As a remedy for my haste and arrogance, both the process and the outcome of obtaining this degree cultivated some persistence and resilience. While the scholarly part of the degree program came naturally to me as in my prior education, I had to focus myself on building trust with everyone who supported me, overcoming challenges in logistics, and examining new opportunities with diligence. Looking back on the experience a few years later, I see that it shaped me as a more reliable individual toward my obligations and more insistent on what I believe to be the right thing.

## 2. Recommended Reading
Recently, I used a book titled Murach’s C# (7th Edition) published by Murach Books for reference and guidance on a coding assessment for another software development role. I looked for something from this publisher because I had a great experience with another one of their books which was required as a textbook during my web development coursework. Overall, I really appreciated the succinct language for concepts, and the practical examples focused on becoming productive.
The table of contents shows that the authors have a complete understanding of the topic, as well as the needs of different types of readers. They make it easy to choose which parts of a subtopic to focus on or ignore given the circumstances. The tutorials to recreate the example projects help in adopting good practices without much reflection on foundational theory. Similarly, fundamental concepts are explained thoroughly and independently of concrete applications. This let me put the ideas and techniques back together in ways that helped me not only solve the problem but also justify my reasoning.

## 3. Explaining Availity to a Grandparent
Imagine a mother and father deciding how to reward their child for something that deserves a treat. The mother knows what the child likes and the father knows what the family can afford. The mother and father come to an agreement on what to get for the child. Imagine the child being a patient in a hospital, the mother being a doctor, and the father being an insurance company. Instead of a treat, the patient needs medical care and the doctor has to explain to the insurance company exactly what's required. The insurer has to decide that the patient's expenses can be covered by the company. Unlike the simple understanding between the mother and father, doctors and insurance companies manage things through paperwork and rules. Availity works to replace that paperwork with electronic forms and the complex rules of processing it with computer programs. This makes things simpler for doctors who are not all businesspeople who understand contracts, and insurers who are not all doctors that understand medicine.